Architectural Styles - Messaging

Messaging is a key concept in several architectural styles, including 
event-driven architecture (EDA), microservices, and message-driven 
architecture (MDA).
In general, messaging is a powerful concept that allows for the decoupling
and scalability of systems and it’s used in different architectural styles
to improve the flexibility and scalability of the system by allowing for 
loose coupling between components and making it easier to add new features 
or modify existing ones.

Message exchange architectures
Patterns that are relevant to the mechanism for transmitting messages
between a sender and a receiver.

Pub-Sub
A publisher sends a message to a inbox on a message broker. A subscriber
binds to the indox and receives messages from the inbox in an asynchronous
manner.
This pattern is well suited for providing event information to interested
parties.

Fanout
A publisher sends a message to a inbox on a message broker. Interested
parties binds to the inbox and receives the messages.
The difference here is that an inbox can have many subscribers.
The Fanout pattern will send a copy of a message to all interested 
parties.

Unidirectional streaming
A sender (publisher) emits data continuously to a receiver (subscriber).

Bidirectional streaming
A continuous flow of messages is sent between sender and receiver as well
as between receiver and sender.

Routing
Messaging patterns that describe the different ways to route messages
between a sender and a receiver.

Unicast
A message gets routed from a sender to a designated receiver. A well-known
example of the unicast pattern is an HTTP request/response exchange.

Broadcast
A sender emits a message to all receivers on the network. The network
router does the work of discovering devices on the network and forwarding
the message accordignly.

Multicast
Forwards a message from a sender to a specific group of receivers.

Anycast
The router sends a message to a receiver that meets the conditions set 
forth in a set of determining factors. Typically the Anycast pattern is
used to route a message from sender to receiver based on proximity of
geolocation.
