Picking a language:
If you use stackoverflow survey you can track the least popular languages
with the highest paying rate in the last year, and, if the language is
consistent over the survey in the past years, you can then search in 
Linkedin for the number of available roles for that language, with that you
can apply to roles that will pay you a good sum and won't have too much 
competition.
You'll be taking a based decision if it's worth it to learn a new language 
or the prospects of the language you're currently working with.

Hr's look for profiles based on keywords
[look for example keywords]
You need to put the keywords on your title and in the other tabs as well, 
but the title is the more important.

You can perform SQL query operation on Linkeding search bar
[put examples here]

there are 5 tabs that Linkedin looks for information when it's going to 
consider if it should display you as a possible candidate for search:
it reads your profile from top to bottom.
title
about
experiences
projects
competence
These are the tabs.

To appear in the first pages of the recruiter search we need 5 things:
mutue conections with the recruiter
linkedin activity - measured by linkeding tests, posts, iteractions and 
etc.
it's also important to receive recomendation about your skills by other 
users.

you need:
find the requirements with the biggest flow of search in your technology.
put these words in your tabs and in the correct form.
create strategic connections with people in your area
you can add personal experience in your projects tab.
you can also add job notifications in the queries that you perform.

your projects should be related to the orientation of the company you want 
to apply to, like fintech, communication platforms, automobile, streaming, 
e-commerce, you should commit yourself to projects that most of these 
companies would be interested.
also, you need to be able to expose your expertise in the interview, like 
the technologies that you worked and how you integrated them in your 
project.

you should also check your profile config to ensure that you aren't 
privating any of your content that could help you to
find a position.
you should set the language in your profile according to the positions that
your are aiming.

you need to have at least 1000 connections in your profile to help the 
recruiters to find your profile, the vast majority
should be recruiter.
search for "tech recruiter" to find connections.

you need to show your value to the interviwer, not only that, but in your 
linkeding and resume as well.
note that there's more opportunities to seniors not because of the 
experience time they have, but because they add
a lot more value than the others.

check the job opportunities and, inside the "requirements" topic, list all 
the requirements that the opportunity is
requiring, do that for some opportunities (e.g. 20) and you'll have a list 
of keywords that you need to have in your
resume and linkedin to appear in the search.

You can also search job opportunities in the post tab in linkedin py 
appending the word "vaga" at the beggining and the language or framework 
you want,
also you need to filter for the most recent ones.
You'll have a list of posts about job opportunities, this is a good way of 
searching because you won't receive 
fixed positions like in the job tab.
the number of comments in the post resembles the number of condidates.

Querying in Linkedin
1. putting something between "" searches for an exact match.
2. you can use logical operators like AND, OR, NOT, etc.
3. you can use LATAM as a filter to ensure that the opportunity is open for latin america.
4. using "Back" as a filter for "back end" and "back-end" works, but "backend" opportunities won't appear in the search.
5. enable notifications for the filters you make.
6. OR filters must be enclosed in ().
7. applying filters to posts apply a character limit to your search.
8. common names:
   - "Junior" OR "Jr" OR "Entry"
   - "Pleno" OR "Pl" OR "Mid"
   - "Senio" OR "SR" OR "Sênior"
   - "Oportunidade" OR "Vaga" OR "Hiring"
9. should filter posts for the most recent not posts from the last month.
10. OR filters should be the last ones in the querie.

using queries in the "jobs" tab will filter for text in the TITLE of the opportunity, it won't filter text in the job description.
so using texts like "hiring" or "LATAM" in the "jobs" tabs, won't be very effective.
If you want to search for text inside the description, you should apply the search in the "posts" tab, as it will search for the specified text in the body of the post.

You can also apply these active search queries on Google an search for opportunities that are also outside of Linkedin
you should filter for the indexes of the last month.

you can also use the query on google:
site:linkedin.com + query 
and filter for date of the indexing and it'll redirect you to the opportunity.

if you want to search opportunities that aren't in linkedin:
query + "- site:likedin.com"
this will apply the query and remove all results that lead to linkedin.com

if you're searching on Google, you can change "Latam" for "Remote" and the opportunities will probably have a higher
salary.

also is good to notice that most opportunities aren't in linkedin anymore as it has become very expensive to post
a job opportunity.
that's why using google is a good choice, also it helps in finding new platform directed for what you want,
for example turing, which is focused to help developers to work for US companies.

you can use chat gpt to filter the keywords of descriptions of opportunities that you would apply to, and with that
you would be able to add more relevant keywords to your profile and also have a solid understanding about what
you should study, or, what the market is requiring the most.
a good filter would be: "keywords related to programing languages and frameworks/libraries".
your should do this with 10 to 20 job descriptions.

projection pilar
a lot of recruiters use bots to search linkedin through key words related to the technology the opportunity is asking.
this pilar is about projecting what you do or want to do in a more clearer and organized way in your linkedin profile.
to do this you must identify the most requested keywords related to the technology you work with.

to test if your profile keywords are aligned with what the market expects you can move your localization in linkedin to
another city in the country you want an opportunity (preference for big cities), also the country/city must have a high
demand for the tecnology market with a professional defit. An example is Portugal - Lisboa.
YOU SHOULD USE THIS ONLY TO TEST YOUR PROFILE.
If you receive opportunities by using this test, it means that your profile is aligned with what keywords the market is looking for, but you shouldn't accept the offer
as these opportunities are ofter directed to professionals that actually live in that area.
If your profile is aligned with the propper keywords, is expected that your profile receives a job offer in the next 2-5 days.
If you receive the job offer, you need to get your localization back to normal and work in your relevance.

expansion pilar
recruiters use the boolean search that you use to search opportunities to search cadidates, if you want to appear in the first page for the recruiter, you need to have
a high number of mutual connections with the recruiter.
this means that havin a high number of connections is good but it's not enough.
to do this you need to make connections with people that have the same technology that you projected in the previous pilar.
there are other this to pay attention to:
1 - the number of mutual connection with HR's searching for LATAM devs. Connection with HR's that doesn't build up the number of connection with international HR's wont be very usefull.
2 - keywords.
3 - keywords weight, you can increase that by receiving recomendations in your skills.
4 - activity. being active in linkedin will have a TREMENDUOS impact in the number of times you appear in the search, only 1 week without beeing active will impact your visibility.
    to build this activity you need:
    a. comment
    b. writing posts (high efective)

battle field pilar
you need to understand the mind of the recruiter
map the most occuring questions in the interview and study them with antecedence.
you need to provide useful information abou the value you can bring to the company.

making questions about the opportunity is key, some good questions are:
1. what is the challenge that the company is facing to open this new position.

It's a good strategy to make connections with the recruiters from your country, as international recruiters will have mutual connections with them and devs as well.
adding only international recruiters wont lead to a high number of meaningfull connections.

Add skills to your about page both in the text and in the skill set at the end of configuration.

Build projects with focus in optimization and performance.
also in your experiences, the optimization and performances that your bought to the team should be the first ones in the description of each experience.
and add keywords afterwards.
also if possible, add numbers to represent the impact of your work.
the performance might be increase in invoicing and etc.
aldo, performance can mean not also system performance but also team performance.

to add experience about technologies that you never actually worked with or if you never really worked, you can add projects that you built as "Freelance" and add keywords in the title and description to represent the value of your work.
it's good to have an open experience (experience that shows that you are still workin in it), it shows linkedin that you have interest in that language, this is good bc linkedin favours employed users.

you should also add a tab of idioms and add your english as advanced.


your cover picture should be something meaningfull about what you do.

should add most important keyworkds to the experience title, the same as the tab title.

you can only add bulleted lists to represents your skills in the about tab, all the other tabs the skills must appear inside paragraphs to add context to them.

soft skill are very important for more experienced developers, as in their level, most applicants have the same skill level, what will be a differential is how each one approach the problem.


how to perform in an interview

when connection with the interviwer in a dm or post, you should be objective and send only the relevant information, like the title of the opportunity you're talking about (they work with a lot o proccesses at the same time so it's good to reference to
keep their mind fresh), the match that you have with that opportunity and finally end it trying to schedule a talk or with some question to incentive the recruiter to answer you back.

when adding skills about cloud providers you should add information about particular services (probably in the about or skills tabs)

don't dismiss opportunities only by the required years of experience, if you're close on what they're asking or you think you are doing great with that skill, it's worth to try.

your CV should have at most 2 pages.

another good question to ask is how the team organizes itself.

How to add project url to your projects in linkedin:
https://medium.com/@stefaniamak/unveiling-the-forbidden-gem-how-to-add-show-project-button-url-to-your-linkedin-projects-section-377c73eb27b7
