Terms:
- heap condition: the condition applied to the heap (max or min)

Heap
It's a binary tree in which every child or grand child is smaller (max heap) or
larger (min heap) than the current node.
We need to adjust the tree whenever we add or remove a node.
A heap maintain a weak order, where there's no need to compare sibiling nodes.

Min Heap
Every node in the tree is larger than it's parent, the root node is the
smallest node in the tree.

Max Heap
Every node in the tree is smaller than it's parent, the root node is the
largest node in the tree.

Adding a node to heap:
A heap is always filled from left to right, until it fills the whole level. You
won't find a middle level of the heap with a dead end.
Whenever you add a new node you must check your heap condition.
If the node fits in the heap condition at the current level, you have nothing 
to do.
If it doesn't, you need to bubble it up, until the heap condition apply or until
it becomes the root. For that, you need to swap the adding node with its
parent until you reach that condition.

Deleting a node from a heap:
If you are removing a node from the height of the heap, you hove nothing to do.
If you are removing from any other place withing the heap you need to replace the
selected node with the rightest node from the height of the heap, then you need to
bubble it down following your heap condition, until it gets to the right place.

Heap structure
In order to be able add and remove nodes from the heap we need to have access to the
height of the heap which is impossible to do without a traversing operation.
Therefore, while we work with heaps, we'll work with arrays and not with nodes. While
nodes provide a better understanding of the operations withing the heap the structure
that really provide the means to perform those operations with maximum efficiency are
arrays.

Every node has an index, nodes are indexed from left to right, one level at the time.

To get the index of the left child: 2i + 1
To get the index of the right child: 2i + 2
To get the index of the parent node: (i - 1)/2

Where i is the current index.

Note that, in lower level languages, you won’t get a floating number if you divide two 
integers, you get only the integer part.
With those formulas you are know able to get the correct child or parent of every item
of the heap, and is able to get the root (value at index 0), and the rightest value 
(value at length - 1) of the heap.
