Peer to Peer

Peer-to-peer (P2P) architecture is a distributed computing architecture 
in which each node (peer) in the network acts as both a client and a server. 
In P2P architecture, there is no central authority or server that manages the 
network, and each node communicates directly with other nodes to exchange 
information, share resources, and perform computations.
The main advantage of using P2P architecture is that it allows for a more 
decentralized and fault-tolerant system. As there is no central authority, 
there is no single point of failure, and the network can continue to function 
even if some nodes fail. Additionally, P2P architecture can also improve 
scalability as the number of nodes in the network increases.

However, not all peers are necessarily equal. Super peers may have more 
resources and can contribute more than they consume. Edge peers do not 
contribute any resources, they only consume from the network.
In its purest form, P2P architecture is completely decentralized. However, 
in application, sometimes there is a central tracking server layered on top
of the P2P network to help peers find each other and manage the network.

P2P works best if the workload is split into small chunks that can be 
reassembled later. This way, a large number of peers can work 
simultaneously on one task and each peer has less work to do. In the case 
of P2P file-sharing, a file can be broken down so that a peer can download 
many chunks of the file from different peers at the same time

Advantages:
    - No central server.
    - No network operating system.
    - No single point of failure.
    - Resilient, decreasing in the number of available peers might not
      impact the network, depending on the network size.
    - Scalability - The network is very easy to scale up.
    - Efficiency - The network uses available resources of peers, who
      wouldn't contribute anything in a typical client-server 
      architecture.
    - Adaptability - The network can be used for a variety of use cases,
      and it can easily start up another network if on is taken down,
      which means there is no single point of failure.
Disadvantages:
    - Viruses can be easily spread.
    - Permission management becomes difficult as the network gets bigger.
