Capturint records of Async invocations
Lambda can send records of async invocations to one of the following 
services:

- Amazon SQS – A standard SQS queue.
- Amazon SNS – A standard SNS topic.
- AWS Lambda – A Lambda function.
- Amazon EventBridge – An EventBridge event bus.

The invocation record contains details about the request and response in 
JSON format. You can configure separate destinations for events that are 
processed successfully, and events that fail all processing attempts. 
Alternatively, you can configure a standard Amazon SQS queue or standard 
Amazon SNS topic as a dead-letter queue for discarded events. For 
dead-letter queues, Lambda only sends the content of the event, without 
details about the response.
If Lambda can't send a record to a destination you have configured, it 
sends a DestinationDeliveryFailures metric to Amazon CloudWatch. This can 
happen if your configuration includes an unsupported destination type. 
Delivery errors can also occur due to permissions errors and size limits.
Each function can have multiple destinations, so you can configure separate
destinations for successful and failed events. Like error handling 
settings, you can configure destinations on a function, function version, 
or alias.
As an alternative to an on-failure destination, you can configure your 
function with a dead-letter queue to save discarded events for further 
processing. A dead-letter queue acts the same as an on-failure destination 
in that it is used when an event fails all processing attempts or expires 
without being processed. However, you can only add or remove a dead-letter 
queue at the function level.
To reprocess events in a dead-letter queue, you can set it as an event 
source for your Lambda function. Alternatively, you can manually retrieve 
the events.
If Lambda can't send a message to the dead-letter queue, it deletes the 
event and emits the DeadLetterErrors metric. This can happen because of 
lack of permissions, or if the total size of the message exceeds the limit 
for the target queue or topic.
