Event-Source Mapping
Is a Lambda resource that reads items from stream and queue-based services
and invokes a function with batches of records.
Lambda event source mappings process each event at least once, and 
duplicate processing of records can occur. To avoid potential issues 
related to duplicate events, we strongly recommend that you make your 
function code idempotent.
Some AWS services can directly invoke Lambda functions using triggers. 
These services push events to Lambda, and the function is invoked 
immediately when the specified event occurs. Triggers are suitable for 
discrete events and real-time processing. When you create a trigger using 
the Lambda console, the console interacts with the corresponding AWS 
service to configure the event notification on that service. The trigger is
actually stored and managed by the service that generates the events, not 
by Lambda.
Event source mappings are Lambda resources created and managed within the 
Lambda service. Event source mappings are designed for processing 
high-volume streaming data or messages from queues. Processing records from
a stream or queue in batches is more efficient than processing records 
individually.

Batching behavior
By default, an event source mapping batches records together into a single 
payload that Lambda sends to your function. To fine-tune batching behavior,
you can configure a batching window and a batch size. A batching window is 
the maximum amount of time to gather records into a single payload. A batch
size is the maximum number of records in a single batch. Lambda invokes 
your function when one of the following three criteria is met:

- The batching window reaches its maximum value. Default batching window 
  behavior varies depending on the specific event source.
- The batch size is met. The minimum batch size is 1. The default and 
  maximum batch size depend on the event source.
- The payload size reaches 6 MB. You cannot modify this limit.

By default, if your function returns an error, the event source mapping 
reprocesses the entire batch until the function succeeds, or the items in 
the batch expire. To ensure in-order processing, the event source mapping 
pauses processing for the affected shard until the error is resolved. For 
stream sources, you can configure the maximum number of times that Lambda 
retries when your function returns an error. Service errors or throttles 
where the batch does not reach your function do not count toward retry 
attempts. You can also configure the event source mapping to send an 
invocation record to a destination when it discards an event batch.
