Recursion
It's the process in which a function calls itself directly or indirectly.
A recursive function solves a particular problem by calling a copy of itself 
and solving smaller subproblems of the original problems. 
It is essential to know that we should provide a certain case in order to 
terminate this recursion process. Every time the function calls itself, it 
has with a simpler version of the original problem.

Properties:
- Performing the same operations multiple times with different inputs.
- Try smaller inputs in every step to make the problem smaller.
- Base condition is needed to stop the recursion otherwise infinite loop 
  will occur.

How are recursive functions stored in memory?
Recursion uses more memory, because the recursive function adds to the stack 
with each recursive call, and keeps the values there until the call is 
finished. The recursive function uses LIFO (LAST IN FIRST OUT) Structure 
just like the stack data structure.
Thus recursive functions are usually slower than iterative ones because of
the memory overhead of recursive functions calls.

What is the difference between tailed and non-tailed recursion? 
A recursive function is tail recursive when a recursive call is the last 
thing executed by the function.
The tail recursive functions are considered better than non-tail recursive 
functions as tail-recursion can be optimized by the compiler.
The idea used by compilers to optimize tail-recursive functions is simple, 
since the recursive call is the last statement, there is nothing left to do 
in the current function, so saving the current function’s stack frame is of 
no use

Note that although the last statement of the function is the recursive step
this function isn't tail recursive because the value returned by fact(n-1) 
is used in fact(n) and call to fact(n-1) is not the last thing done by 
fact(n).

int fact(int n) {
    if (n <= 0)
        return 1;
 
    return n * fact(n - 1);
}

Rewriting fact as tail recursive:

fact(int n, int a) {
    if (n <= 1)
        return a;
 
    return fact(n - 1, n * a);
}

The idea is to use one more argument and accumulate the factorial value 
in the second argument. When n reaches 0, return the accumulated value.
