Service Oriented Architecture - SOA

Is an architectural pattern that is used to design and organize 
software systems as a collection of services that can be accessed 
over a network, each service provides a business capability, these services
are autonomous, self-contained units of functionality that can be reused 
and combined to create new functionality.

Services are designed to be loosely coupled, meaning that they do not 
depend on the implementation details of other services, they communicate
with each other through well-defined interfaces, usually using a protocol
such as HTTPP. 

The SOA environment comprises a single data storage layer shared by other 
connected services. Different enterprise applications access and reuse the 
same data in SOA implementations.

With SOA, developers break down the software functionalities into service 
provider and service consumer layers. These layers communicate and exchange
data through an enterprise service bus (ESB).

Enterprise Service Bus - ESB
Centralized software component that performs integrations between 
applications.
It performs transformations of data models, handles connectivity and 
messaging, performs routing, converts communication protocols and 
potentially manages the composition of multiple requests.
The ESB can make these integrations and transformations available as a 
service interface for reuse by new applications.
The ESB is used to connect diverse services with multiple messaging 
protocols like SOAP for example.
ESB also possess message-oriented middleware capabilities, supporting
asynchronous message delivery through mechanisms like message queues.
Ideally, the ESB should be able to replace all direct contact with the 
applications on the bus, so that all communication takes place via the 
ESB.
If the ESB fails, all SOA services will be impacted.

SOA provides four different service types:
- Functional services (that is, business services), which are critical for 
  business applications.
- Enterprise services, which serve to implement functions.
- Application services, which are used to develop and deploy apps.
- Infrastructure services, which are instrumental for backend processes 
  like security and authentication.

Each service consists of three components:
- The interface, which defines how a service provider executes requests 
  from a service consumer.
- The contract, which defines how the service provider and service consumer
  should interact.
- The implementation, which is the service code.

Benefits:
- Reusability: Multiple f ont-facing applications use the same SOA 
  services. 
- Fault tolerance: Is a service is down only that business capability would
  become offline, rather than the entire application like in monolithic 
  systems.
- Governance: The nature of SOA, involving shared resources, enable the 
  implementation of common data governance standards across all services.

Drawbacks:
- The enterprise service bus (ESB) connects multiple services together, 
  which makes it a single point of failure.
- All services share a common data base. This makes the services difficult 
  to manage individually. 
- Every service has a broad scope, each service provides a busines 
  capability. So, if one of the services fails, the entire business 
  workflow will be affected.
- It can be challenging to deploy SOA services because they’re coupled to a
  certain degree. SOA applications cannot take full advantage of 
  containerization, which abstracts the application from operating systems 
  and hardware.

When to use:
SOA provide a way for organizations to migrate from a monolithic architecture
to cloud environments.
It's well suited for organizations with legacy enterprise applications.

SOA vs Microservices:
Microservices architecture is an evolution of the SOA architectural style. 
While each SOA service is a full business capability, each microservice is 
a much smaller software component that specializes in a single task only.

The microservice model divides an SOA service into smaller services. Each 
microservice operates within its bounded context and runs independently 
from other services.
Service-oriented architecture (SOA) encompasses a broader enterprise scope.
In contrast, microservices apply to a narrower scope.
For example, inventory management would be an SOA service of an ecommerce 
system. But the microservice approach would break inventory management down
into smaller services, such as availability checker, fulfillment, and 
accountings.

Microservices doesn't need an ESB to manage the communication between 
internal services. Here the communication is done directly via the 
service's API.

ESB vs API Gateway:
ESB is commonly used for integrating various systems and applications 
within an enterprise, focusing on complex internal integration scenarios.

On the other hand, API gateway, concentrates on managing and exposing 
external APIs, ensuring security, and providing functionalities like 
monitoring and authentication.

API Gateways prioritizes real-time synchronous communication and processing
of API requests. API gateway is designe dto handle client requests 
directly.
